## Constraints and Concerns

Some of the project constraints I can foresee are:
  - Economic – Budgets to host a fully functioning application 
  - Legal – The content I have in my application
  - Security – Possible bugs, spyware and hacks in my code


The economical aspect of constraint mainly steps from the possibilities of hosting my application onto a public domain for a smoother access. Depending on the size and volume of the website data, I may need to size up in the future which causes additional costs. If I integrate AI, I will need to take into consideration that every query may have costs with it and that can easily add up the costs to more than planned. I will be having some curated content on my site and I’m assuming that there will possibly be no copyright issues because its open source. On top of that, my application could also be in risk of being sued when customers don’t get the results they need or if their data is leaked through malware attacks. Security is one of my biggest concerns as any site is susceptible to be hacked and I do not have many safety protocols in place. I will need to possibly look into creating a way to authenticate my users but that might also increase costs to maintain this site. I want my client’s data to be shared or be used in any way shape or form externally without their consent but maintaining database integrity and data privacy with a limited budget (Economic constraint) will increase the risks. In order to navigate and minimize the negative effects to my application, I will need to take a few additional steps and research on ways to deviate from the pathway of downfall. For economic constraints, I will need to source my site on a platform like GitHub even though I wanted a specialized domain name, and I will need to figure out a way to authenticate my users with no/low cost while maintaining safety and privacy. If I integrate AI, I will need to find open sources that do not have any costs associated for the time being. For the legal constraint, I will need to make sure that the content creators are aware/ do not object the idea of me using their content in my application. Security constraint goes hand in hand with the economic constraint because I do need funds to maintain the security layer of my application, but I can minimize the risks by taking a few cautionary steps to protect my code and the data of my users. By doing so, I can minimize the intensity of attacks and I can protect it at least a little. 
